[SwitchBase] replace IconButton with ButtonBase (#26460)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v4/migration-v4.md

  You can use the [`chip-variant-prop` codemod](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/HEAD/packages/material-ui-codemod#chip-variant-prop) for automatic migration.

### Checkbox

> - The className does not have `.MuiIconButton-root` and `.MuiIconButton-label` anymore, target `.MuiButtonBase-root` instead.

Reviewer: Would propose showing a `diff` with the changes.

  You can use the [`chip-variant-prop` codemod](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/HEAD/packages/material-ui-codemod#chip-variant-prop) for automatic migration.

### Checkbox

> - The className does not have `.MuiIconButton-root` and `.MuiIconButton-label` anymore, target `.MuiButtonBase-root` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The component does not have `.MuiIconButton-root` and `.MuiIconButton-label` class names anymore, target `.MuiButtonBase-root` instead.
```

Reviewer: x the other places

  +<Radio color="secondary />
  ```

> - The className does not have `.MuiIconButton-root` and `.MuiIconButton-label` anymore, target `.MuiButtonBase-root` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The component doesn't have `.MuiIconButton-root` and `.MuiIconButton-label` class names anymore, target `.MuiButtonBase-root` instead.
```

  +<Switch color="secondary" />
  ```

> - The className does not have `.MuiIconButton-root` and `.MuiIconButton-label` anymore, target `.MuiButtonBase-root` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The component doesn't have `.MuiIconButton-root` and `.MuiIconButton-label` class names anymore, target `.MuiButtonBase-root` instead.
```
